## Attending (write yourself here)
* Samuel Dionne-Riel
* Eelco Dolstra
* Rok Garbas
* davidak
## Agenda
## Please write below topics you would like to discuss and also a name who proposed the topic. Minutes can be written inline and extracted out later.
* Update on things from last time:
* [@samueldr](https://discourse.nixos.org/u/samueldr) \-\> reviewing [search.nixos.org](http://search.nixos.org)
* [@edolstra](https://discourse.nixos.org/u/edolstra) \-\> changes to the nix release process so that we don’t have to bump anything on nixos-homepage repository.
* [@edibopp](https://discourse.nixos.org/u/edibopp) \-\> automate nix.dev\<-\>[nixos.org 1](http://nixos.org) integration of tutorials. working on more tutorials, contributing to nix.dev.
* @domenkozar \-\> nix.dev tutorials
* [@davidak](https://discourse.nixos.org/u/davidak) \-\> community survey
* [@garbas](https://discourse.nixos.org/u/garbas)
* how should we talk about Nix
* announce that we are looking for better examples
* how can we help release manager
* start talking about redesign process.
* \[garbas\] ANN: search.nixos.org now feature ready
* Another store on nixos.org \-\> [https://discourse.nixos.org/t/hello-tux-shirts/7979](https://discourse.nixos.org/t/hello-tux-shirts/7979)
* DISCUSSION: “Redesign” of the website
* Ideally we would first do brand identity, but maybe this will be done at some later point.
* Quick & Budget(less) option
* We find somebody/some company until the next meeting who can design.
* What can we offer in return? A mention in the footer? Is there some small budget that we can get from the foundation?
* We don’t strive for perfection, but to have better design soon
* Same design would be then used for search.nixos.org
* \[garbas\] Anybody would like to share their plans, what to work on, in the next 2 weeks?