## Attending (write yourself here)
* davidak
* Eelco Dolstra
* Rok Garbas
* Samuel Dionne-Riel
## Agenda
## Please write below topics you would like to discuss and also a name who proposed the topic. Minutes can be written inline and extracted out later.
* \[garbas\] Redesign process
* Timeline:
* 2 days come up with the idea and direction on the design (Thu, Fri)
* Meet \- separately from this meeting \- with the intention to debate only the topic of redesign (Mon)
* Iterate until we have a proposal we are satisfied with.
* Once we pick a design we start straight with the implementation. We can circle back to the designer if we have more quests.
* Costs:
* Pay from my pocket (hour rate is 35eur/h, estimated cost is 500-1000EUR, depends how much we will be iterating)
* Get reimbursed from foundation if results are satisfactory
* Who:
* A designer I know which can iterate quickly, and has the time in next 2 weeks, we start tomorrow
* Goals: (reiterating from last time)
* This is not the last design.
* We are not looking for perfect
* Need to ~~support mobile devices~~ be fully responsive
* *not "mobile devices" but "fully responsive"*
* Design needs to cover nixos.org and search.nixos.org
* We just need to have better design that will:
* Increase trust that this is a serious project
* Still have a feeling of a community
* Any other limitations I should
* Implementation:
* Coordinate with @samuel since he showed interest.
* I will be working on the rest of the content that is missing
* Expected early preview in 2/3 weeks
* \[davidak\] Community survey, [https://pad.nixnet.services/wpvO\_S3RTDyLIBqiSPd55Q?view\#](https://pad.nixnet.services/wpvO_S3RTDyLIBqiSPd55Q?view#)
* \[garbas\] Anybody would like to share their plans, what to work on, in the next 2 weeks?