## Attending (write yourself here)
* Niksnut
* Garbas
* Gchristensen
* davidak
* Samueldr
## Agenda
## Please write below topics you would like to discuss and also a name who proposed the topic. Minutes can be written inline and extracted out later.
* \[garbas\] Format of meetings
* Let this meeting be no longer than 45min (max 1h if we really need to)
* Can this meeting be recorded? Are you feeling comfortable with this?
* Minutes after the meeting should be posted on [https://discourse.nixos.org](https://discourse.nixos.org) , but we need to create a new category
* Each topic gets 5min of discussion after that we’ll put it on a vote if we should continue this discussion. A simple thumbs up / down should do the trick to see if this is something we want to continue discussing.
* Please add agenda items at any time
* When do we meet next time?
* \[garbas\] My vision for this team
* Please consider this only a starting point of a discussion
* I’m open to any changes and suggestions
* Vision
* Short term plan (in next 3-6 months)
* Fix smaller content issues on the website
* Some structure changes
* Try to work on things that bring most benefit in least amount of time (80:20 rule), postpone big changes and work for the future
* Minutes
* Documentation overview
* Graham: change public image to match reality
* Should not look like an academic project
*
* Bigger website change (in next 1year)
* Everything is on the table. Anything can change but it needs to have a reason behind it
* Within this team I would like to define goals or directions that we should follow when working on bigger website changes:
* That means that instead of talking about how to redesign the website we should talk what do we want to achieve with a redesign (or website in general)
* Some (not all) of the things I would like to have answers for:
* What are the goals of the website?
* Who is our audience?
* I hope the above process will avoid some bikeshedding, but I'm not fooling myself that we won’t bikeshed :)
* Long term plan (5 years)
* This is more of a vision and lets be careful since this is the most bikeshedding topic of them all :)
* A goal of this plan is to get Nix used in mainstream (or at least put us on a right direction)
* One of the questions we should maybe try to answer is: What is Nix?
* \[garbas\] linking to swag on nixos.org
* [https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/309](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/309)
* \[garbas\] Should we ask netlify for open source plan?
* Requirements are: [https://www.netlify.com/legal/open-source-policy](https://www.netlify.com/legal/open-source-policy)
* We fit in all of the above requirements except we don’t have CoC
* Should we then also move other static sites to netlify? Which are other static sites? (status.nixos.org, weekly.nixos.org, …)
* \[garbas\] How would you “track” that we are doing things correctly?
* Is putting google analytics on the page ok? Maybe just turning on netlify analytics? Especially if we want to run A/B testing for certain messaging? What are our limits?
* Clearly we don’t want to track people, but we want to know if we are reaching our goals. Maybe only enable analytics on few pages, that we are looking how they
* If we decide to go this way, how do we tell the rest of the community about it. Should it be an opt-in thing or should we have an opt-out option.
* It seem that we are going take blame for either of the things: (a) not doing the job right (b) or tracking (for some) too much