## Attending (write yourself here)
* Garbas
* Eelco Dolstra
* Samuel Dionne-Riel
* davidak
## Agenda
## Please write below topics you would like to discuss and also a name who proposed the topic. Minutes can be written inline and extracted out later.
* \[samuel\] Another store on nixos.org \-\> [https://discourse.nixos.org/t/hello-tux-shirts/7979](https://discourse.nixos.org/t/hello-tux-shirts/7979)
* \[garbas\] ANN: search.nixos.org \-\> will become default search (right after the meeting)
* \[garbas\] nixos.org redesign
* Timeline until finish (expected)
* \[samuel\] Implementation
* \[garbas\] messaging about Nix/NixOS
* Didnâ€™t share the document before my vacation, sorry.
* \[garbas\] Looking at the roadmap for 20.09. Plans until next time.