## Attending (write yourself here)
* samueldr
* *barry (bpiv400) through Matrix sent one thing*
* tomberek
* yannik (ysndr)
## Agenda
## Please write below topics you would like to discuss and also a name who proposed the topic. Minutes can be written inline and extracted out later.
* Ongoing / stalled:
* *Barry*: survey things
If there's time on the agenda, I think it would be good for members to weigh in on the proposed set of questions: https://pad.nixnet.services/wpvO\_S3RTDyLIBqiSPd55Q?view
My overall thought: This is a good length. I'd make a couple small tweaks to the logic (e.g. right now, if you answer yes to using NixOS, it assumes that's all you currently use now). I'd also add a question in the Nix section that asks what you use Nix for and another question about what you view as the "alternatives to Nix"
*(no discussion, though we looked)*
* *yannik*: flake search: looking at what's the next step, if we try to "own" it as a marketing team (from that tangent about trying a process).
**Needs**: Rust review from Rust knowledgeble people (indexing)
TODO: review UX in the frontend part (samueldr)
* Inviting yannik to the marketing team
* New discussions
* *tom*: talking about setting up a marketing plan. Plan strategies for communications; "press release" kind of things.
Since we had a recent lost opportunity with the reproducible builds project
**what is the next planned big opportunity for a "communication event"**
also figure out a plan for "missed events"
Q: *Who* "owns" posting officially as NixOS.org?
Q: *How* can we make an "expressway" to make tangent projects "official communication" from nixos.org? (e.g. adopting r13y.org \[assuming r13y.org wants to\]) (See what happened with status.nixos.org, which was tangential before)
Q: *Who* do I get in touch with to publish "news articles content" officially under nixos.org?
* Tangent about	"trying a process"
* ~~Prepare a new "accepting new members to the marketing team" post for november~~
* Make an update to the nixos.org website's marketing team page to show the current state (*tom* will)
---