## Attending (write yourself here)
samueldr, tomberek, eelco, garbas, ysndr
## Agenda
Ongoing:
* survey \[ if bpiv400 is present \] : "It’s done and agreed upon. I just need to sync with Eelco for Hetzner and hosting" \--Barry
New discussions
* \[tomberek\]: Nix2.4 announcement
* working session, come up with a rough script
* copy Discourse post into blog (or just link to it)
* "Future work"
* Interpret release notes, summary
* \[garbas\]: sponsor's page
* WIP, no PR yet
* Following the SoN, we got some sponsors; the idea is to present sponsors.
* (https://nixos.org/donate.html) \- include past year sponsors \+ all
* https://opencollective.com/nixos\#support has some of this
* Current Sponsors (\> 1000€),
* SELECT name, logo,link FROM donate WHERE amount \> 1000 and date \>= 2021-01-01 AND NOT optOut ORDER BY (amount,name);
* use the widget, and add a few direct donations and equipment
* CSV export at: https://opencollective.com/nixos/transactions
* https://opencollective.com/nixos/transactions?kind=CONTRIBUTION\&period=2021-01-01T05%3A00%3A00.000Z%E2%86%922021-11-11T04%3A59%3A59.999Z
* Historical Sponsors (\> 1000€)
* SELECT name FROM donate WHERE date \< 2021-01-01 AND NOT optOut ORDER BY (amount,name);
* https://opencollective.com/nixos/transactions?kind=CONTRIBUTION\&period=2019-07-15T04%3A00%3A00.000Z%E2%86%922021-01-01T04%3A59%3A59.999Z
* \[garbas\] SoN after announcement
* We still have time
* Yannik will coordinate with Mattias to gather feedback
* \[yannik\] PackagingCon\[?\] (before FOSDEM)
* We should promote it and get many Nix submissions for talks
* Yannik will get more information on the details.
* \[tom/yannik\]
* Scaleway offered hardware for SoN
* Scaleway needs help with NixOS image
* Equinix needs help with NixOS image
* packet provides arm machines (graham did it)