## Attending (write yourself here)
Garbas, samueldr, ysndr, tomberek \[initially\]
## Agenda
Ongoing:
* \[tom\] release video recording
* started
* \[skip from the meeting minutes\]
* \[garbas\] publishing the minutes of the meetings on discourse
* To attract more people
* To know others what we are working on
* Just good for general transparency
* We should rotate who is doing this
* Let‚Äôs start this today :P
* ***Yep.***
* \[tom\] survey follow-up with barry
* Barry still needs to coordinate with Eelco \[garbas: can you ping Eelco?\]
* \[yannik\] proposal 2.4/2.5/2.6/‚Ä¶ video: instead of longer videos, setup & maintain a site like [VS Code Can Do That?](https://vscodecandothat.com/)
* highlight each feature separately
* Add (+mark) new features as they go
* *We have the technology‚Ä¶*
*\[out of topic\]*
*rok is thinking someone needs to take over the learn section*
*samuel: this goes back to the issue that this isn't a marketing team issue, but we need a proper "documentation effort", which we can seed.*
*rok: where does the marketing job ends? the documentation begins?*
*"learn" type of docs needs to be part of the marketing vision*
*authoring it shouldn't be part of the marketing team work directly*
*\[back in topic\]*
*yannik: this was more about the "presentation"*
*\[out of topic again\]*
*rok: we're still missing a "vision" about the documentation*
*samuel: we should form a "task-specific team" to at least rework the community vision of documentation.*
*rok: not worried about how the learn page is not good right now, but would be annoyed if the docs is not up-to-date by the time Nix 3.0 is released*
*samuel: makes sense to form a documentation "task force"?*
*rok: 3.0 will require documentation to be **done** to release, as a more "marketing" release*
*rok: where does the marketing team work ends? and documentation team starts?*
*samuel: now: how do we make this team happen?*
*rok: someone (a champion) needs to take the lead (thinking domen is the right person)*
*documentation team: no tooling, only content*
*raising money for working on docs? \[don't minute\]*
*next step?: rok will touch base with the right persons initially*
*\[original topic again?\]*
*samuel: we can "just" rework the nixos doc into that framing if it makes sense üëç*
* \[garbas\] Docker to download page and few other improvements (*sync download page content with nix.dev install guide*)
* [https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/780](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/780)
* *(action notes)*
*rok merged the nix.dev "how to install Nix" docs with the Nix download page*
*\[more of a PR review than discussion\]*
* \[samuel\] talk quickly about design task
* [https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-common-styles/issues/7](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-common-styles/issues/7)
* *about to start, talked about priorities*
* *\[late tom\] no updates from barry*