# Attending (write yourself here)
[Rok Garbas](mailto:rok.garbas@tweag.io), [Bryan Honof](mailto:bryan.honof@tweag.io), [lucperkins@gmail.com](mailto:lucperkins@gmail.com), [Yannik S.](mailto:me@ysndr.de)[tomberek@gmail.com](mailto:tomberek@gmail.com)
* Possible agenda
* Metrics
* Nix release videos
* Website
* CSS framework
* Merging of important websites
* Social
* Community events support (just announcing? calendar?)
* Roadmap ("for developers")
* Switching from Netlify to something else
* [Rok Garbas](mailto:rok.garbas@tweag.io) Metrics
* We are collecting metrics
* [Nixos-metrics](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-metrics)
* Currently just collecting to eventually push it somewhere
* [Taeer Bar-Yam](mailto:taeer.bar-yam@tweag.io) Currently working on this ([https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-metrics/pull/93](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-metrics/pull/93))
* [Yannik S.](mailto:me@ysndr.de) can review the PR
* [tomberek@gmail.com](mailto:tomberek@gmail.com) What do we need from the infra team?
* Get access to Grafana, ask @graham@determinate.systems
* Need help to backfill all the current data
* [tomberek@gmail.com](mailto:tomberek@gmail.com) Videos
* missed 2.10 and 2.11, 2.12 upcoming?
* @garbas, @djacu, @bryanhonof, @tomberek
* High reward for the amount of work put in. Most viewed videos so far (confirming our idea).
* We will do videos about 2-3 releases at the time going forward.
* Live streaming still an option?
* [Rok Garbas](mailto:rok.garbas@tweag.io) More difficult to set up
* [Bryan Honof](mailto:bryan.honof@tweag.io) Would like to try it at least once
* Oct 31, 2022 [Rok Garbas](mailto:rok.garbas@tweag.io) [tomberek@gmail.com](mailto:tomberek@gmail.com) [Bryan Honof](mailto:bryan.honof@tweag.io) Will get together for the next recording
* tom will ask about priorities from core team
* Website
* Styling (CSS)
* Website looks unfinished ❗
* Currently there’s no framework
* Difficult to contribute
* Adopt tailwind CSS
* [lucperkins@gmail.com](mailto:lucperkins@gmail.com) Has experience
* [Yannik S.](mailto:me@ysndr.de)can review/help
* Reuse it in more places
* Improve the messaging
* Discuss it next time in details and write it down
* link to the merchandise store?
* Requirements. We discussed what any future change in static site generator (SSG hereafter) would need to support:
* The sites are largely hand crafted, particularly the landing page, downloads, etc. That means that any SSG needs to support custom layouts.
* No need for a blog engine (yet)
* Arbitrary page metadata
* Description
* Image
* Anything else (OpenGraph, Twitter Card, etc.)
* asciicinema
* Nix.dev. Current pipeline needs to be supported: import \-\> convert \-\> integrate.
* Support **nix build**
* Preview builds (regardless of platform)
* Build in GitHub Actions, not on CloudFlare, Netlify, etc.