## Attending (write yourself here)
Barry, Yannik
## Agenda
Ongoing:
- \[yannik\]: nixos-search: planning meeting with current contributors (Feb. 23rd)
- \[yannik\]: CfgMgmtCamp came and went.
- **No Nix submission**
- Next time: louder cfp’s?
- \[barry\]: Need to finalize survey questions with input from Tweag Nix team (based on Rok’s feedback)
- \[tomberek\]: Going to get into the habit of providing more updates (blog posts, videos, etc...) on a regular interval \--\> Next up is 2.7
- \[twitter\]: Rok floated sharing the NixOS Twitter account between members of the marketing commit
- Need to decide rotation schedule
- Need to decide who is participating
- Need to decide what minimum expectations are:
- daily retweets / likes?
- \>=x tweets per week?
- Interacting with accounts from adjacent communities (e.g. bazel, npm, ubuntu, haskell)?
- anything else?
Off topic:
- Pipeline for highlighting relevant conferences?
- Funding for presenters at in person conferences?
- NixCon?
- Nix marketing could look more professional, and Nix could have more presence at conferences \-- hire a design/front-end person
**Survey announcement for Discourse and website:**
Please take 5-10 minutes to complete the first official Nix community survey here.  \[link\]
Since the Nix community has been growing faster and larger every month, it’s gotten harder to understand who makes up the community and what everyone cares about. So we’re conducting this survey to improve our understanding of those questions. We hope to use your responses to develop Nix, NixOS, and Nixpkgs to match your needs and come up with new ideas for growing and serving the community. And we’ll publish major findings on Discourse and nixos.org.
All the questions are optional, and all responses are automatically anonymized. We will NOT collect your name, phone number, github handle, IP address, or any other identifying information.
The questions in the survey cover:
•	Your background (e.g. What region of the world are you from?)
•	The projects you use in the ecosystem (e.g. Are you using NixOS?)
•	How you use the projects (e.g. Do you use Nix in production servers?)
•	What you like and dislike about the projects (e.g. What do you think is already great about Nix? What should contributors focus on improving?)
This is our first time running a survey like this, so we’re also looking for feedback on the survey itself to understand how we can do this better in the future\!
#
#