# Attendees:
- Rok (@garbas)
- Patrick (@pxc)
- Ida (@idabzo)
- Dawn (@mightyiam)
# Agenda:
- Survey
- It is out and we’re collecting feedback
- Sharing of credentials
- We will use bitwarden
- @garbas shared emails with @zimbatm to create accounts
- Social media
- @ida on rotation for June
- @pxc will take over social postings in July
- @garbas will take over social postings in August
- What's new in Nix
- Everybody is busy, we’ll see how/when to proceed.
- Newsletter
- @garbas add news from [@pxc june edition](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pF7zHlqKp_YiJjrAAcg58LWUrbDTq1GsI42irV1qe00/edit#heading=h.wmw2khmaie8b) and maybe some bigger highlights.
- We decided to not start with April/May, but with June. Starting stuff is hard :)
- Marketing team roadmap
- Open a new document to start brainstorming new messaging.
- Website rework
- No progress
- Tales from NixPkgs
- No update yet
- Other topics
- Podcast