# Attendees:
- Rok (@garbas)
- Ida (@idabzo)
- Shahar “Dawn” Or (joined to asked for funding for podcast)
- Dan (@djacu)
- Tom (@tomberek)
- Thilo (@thilobillerbeck)
# Agenda:
- Newsletter
- November edition is out
- Plan for December edition is the same
- Ida prepares links from social
- Jake & Ryan add more section content
- Survey
- Rok: Remind Guillaume to start with survey earlier
- Rok: Give access to valentin to run a survey
- Website
- Community page is being reviewed (@kacperwyczawski)
- Download page is being reviewed (@djacu)
- Major parts remaining
- Explore page (Dan is going to see if he has enough time)
- Blog page (Thilo start with implementation)
- Examples on main page (Rok needs to finally finish this and fix the redis example)
- Nix/Nixpkgs/NixOS manuals (Rok extract the build script)