# Attendees:
- Rok (@garbas)
- Bryan (@bjth)
- Ilan (@kranzes)
- Patrick (@pxc)
# Agenda:
- NixOS Survey
- @garbas got access, finally
- @garbas will get @kranzes the credentials
- Should clone the previous survey, as a starting point
- Sharing of credentials
- Still blocked on the NixOS foundation
- We are probably with too many
- What's new in Nix
- @bjth pings @djacu for existing videos
- @garbas, @bjth, and @djacu have to come together to record the intro and outro
- Newsletter
- @ida [it's ready](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rzFclkUAYTpIVmaflTkVdiZbKYRPoRicphtqINtKwN0/edit#heading=h.wmw2khmaie8b)
- Social media
- @bjth still has to contact @fricklerhandwerk
- @ida has been going strong, should probably rotate soon
- Marketing team roadmap
- @garbas and @fricklerhandwerk were unable to meet, will meet tomorrow
- Draft should be done by tomorrow
- Website rework
- @garbas and @djacu met
- Worked on it a bit, nothing to share yet
- NixOS 23/05 release
- Q\&A livestream should happen
- Tales from NixPkgs
- No update yet
- Other topics
- @garbas and @ron will follow up on the month of maintainers
Action items:
- @bjth will get the "what's new in Nix" recordings out
- @garbas and @ron should sync on the month of maintainers event
- @garbas and @fricklerhandwerk will sync on the roadmap