# Attendees:
- Albert (@albertchae)
- Thilo (@thilobillerbeck)
- Rok (@garbas)
- Ida (@idabzo)
# Minutes:
- Website:
- @albertchae upstream the sizing fix/solution to asciinema and fixed sizing on the website for asciinema videos.
- Thinking about telemetry. We are walking in the dark.
- Can we turn on telemetry for a period (month)
- We need to communicate this with the community ahead of any decision
- Action item: Lets ask the community \- @garbas
- Newsletter (@garbas) will finish today/tomorrow.
-
- Survey (@guillaume):
- Infra team wants to upgrade the survey instance.
- Social (@idabzo)
- Lets start informing (in discourse) once post is scheduled.
- Swag Update:
- Garbas asks tomberek and djacu about the update