# Attendees:
- @Janne
- @Djacu
- @Thilo
- @Garbas
- @tomberek
# Agenda:
- Website Stage 3: Change messaging (how we talk about Nix).
- **NixOS 24.05 release: how can we make it great**
- Canned demos, presentations, User Group advice
- https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Presenting
- Notes from Ida: The April newsletter has been sent. Could someone take over for a while? I would also like to offer another volunteer the opportunity to take over social media scheduling from June.
- Attribution when posting to mastodon:
[https://chaos.social/@ordnung/112453054938133742](https://chaos.social/@ordnung/112453054938133742)
- Reddit Question
# Minutes:
- Postpone Stage 3 discussions till @tomberek is also present.
- 24.05 release is done thanks to contributors üòÄ
- Socials:
- Garbas takes over for the month of June (or longer)
- Thilo sends the announcement for ‚Äúhelp‚Äù with socials
- Reddit Question
- [https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/1441](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/1441)
- search.nixos.org
- vault.nixos.org \- everybody should create an account there to share credentials