# Attendees:
- Tom (@tomberek)
- Dan (@djacu)
# Agenda:
\- did not have quorumâ€¦. defer items to next week:
- Community Survey 2024
- Website Stage 3: Change messaging (how we talk about Nix).
- NixOS 24.05 release: how can we make it great
- Canned demos, presentations, User Group advice
- https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Presenting
- Reddit Question
- Notes from Ida: The April newsletter has been sent. Could someone take over for a while? I would also like to offer another volunteer the opportunity to take over social media scheduling from June.
# Minutes:
- @djacu has made progress on the cheat sheet. Working on adding it to the repo
- Not enough members to discuss other topics.