# Attendees:
- Dan (@djacu)
- Thilo (@thilobillerbeck)
# Agenda:
- Community Survey 2024
- Website Stage 3: Change messaging (how we talk about Nix).
- NixOS 24.05 release: how can we make it great
- Canned demos, presentations, User Group advice
- https://nixos.wiki/wiki/Presenting
- Reddit Question
- Notes from Ida: The April newsletter has been sent. Could someone take over for a while? I would also like to offer another volunteer the opportunity to take over social media scheduling from June.
- Cheat sheet
- Attribution when posting to mastodon: [https://chaos.social/@ordnung/112453054938133742](https://chaos.social/@ordnung/112453054938133742)
# Minutes:
- @Rok already open the survey for Guillaume
- Postponing Stage 3 discussions until we have more than 2 people
- Stage 2 is starting
- @djacu will ask the marketing matrix channel if we should move forward with unlinking the unofficial subreddit, r/nixos.
- @djacu will follow up with @idabzo about her duties.
- @thilo will write a discourse post looking for volunteers
- Cheat sheet merged\!
- Letâ€™s plan to add the cheat sheet on the website.
- Two versions of plasma in the next release. Change the download page to have both or just go with plasma 6?