# Attendees:
- Tom (@tomberek)
- Ida (@idabzo)
- Thilo (@thilobillerbeck)
# Minutes:
- Website
- progress
- question: what happens with documentation?
- potential misunderstanding:
- style of manual changed
- Current status of manual style: the style change is not ideal. Documentation team is aware, but fixing this is not a current priority. It is also unclear if the proposed fix by @thilobillerbeck should proceed. We need a decision by the doc team to avoid unnecessary or redundant work. Please use issue to coordinate: https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/1251 (**TODO; coordinate with doc team**)
- https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/1296
- unable to "nix build" the website
- proposal: **allow for "./updade.sh && nix build"**
- Survey
- access was given
- link?
- DetSys survey
- Social
- Ida is the main person. Need help?
- No social postings needed for NixConNA sponsorship
- Newsletter: sent, done
- External Discussions
- defer to next meeting
- Swag
- approval for 500 euro
- decide on a "swag pack"
- stack of stickers
- stack of flyers
- small banner
- â€¦misc (@ross ?)
- Distribute and keep track so we can remind people to bring it
- Finding additional help
- website: drive-by contributions, mostly 2-3 people
- would funds help? maybe not
- funds would help for the team itself
- **Bring this up at the next Foundation \+ Team Representatives.**
- **can we get support/sponsorship specifically for the website?**
- (@ida) social media posting and/or Discourse
- please contact Marketing team or @thilo
- scheduled