## Attendance

- Sync
  - @ra33it0
  - @flyfloh
  - @avocadoom
- Async

## Previous Tasks

- [x] @avocadoom I will work on the decision makers page
- [x] @avocadoom I will roll out Epilogue as the new body font on the homepage.
- [ ] @avocadoom I will work on updating the [AMI version issue](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/1909).
- [x] @djacu I will finish the license, attribution, and provenance [PR](https://github.com/NixOS/branding/pull/29)
- [ ] @djacu I will post the OSD listing.
- [x] @djacu I will start a new discussion with @katexochen and @sigmanificient for design discussion regarding FOSDEM.

## Minutes

- Website
  - Fonts
    - Fixed a lot of inconsistencies in the font PR
    - Epilogue is not really sufficient in testing (rendering issues on lower DPIs)
    - Maybe use Manrope as a body font instead
  - Decisionmakers is nearing its completion
- Branding
  - @djacu I did some work on the rounding PR. I switched from using XSL templates to Python. Way smaller and it should be able to use python minimal. I want to add more logic to take 2 revs, compute the styled SVG, diff them, and generate a report so I know when and how an SVG changed.
  - @djacu the license, attribution and provenance PR is merged.
- Socials
- Survey
  - @djacu I just stopped the survey. We have 3399 full responses!

## Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom I will work on the decision makers page
- [ ] @avocadoom I will climb into the display font rabbit hole once again
- [ ] @avocadoom I will work on updating the [AMI version issue](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/1909).
- [ ] @djacu I will post the OSD listing.
- [ ] @djacu I will talk to @idabzo about the newsletter.
- [ ] @djacu I will work on the rounding/svg diffing PR.
- [ ] @djacu I will start working on processing for the survey.

## Backlog
