# Attendees

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @idabzo
  - @avocadoom
  - @flyfloh
- Async

# Previous Tasks

- [ ] everyone make contributions to the redesign doc if you have time
- [x] @avocadoom review @flyfloh's PR
- [ ] @idabzo prepare draft version of newsletter
- [x] @idabzo follow up with Alpscale
- [x] @djacu my life is branding
- [x] @djacu ask in nixcon matrix chat if they would find a `surveys` repo under the `nixos` org helpful.
- [ ] @djacu create a draft post for discourse about the website re-design

# Agenda

- Branding role
- Blog post
- Redesign doc
- Landing page PR
- Newsletter
- Alpscale
- Branding
- Surveys
- Website re-design draft post

# Minutes

- Branding role
  - @idabzo and @djacu agree that @djacu will take on the branding role and will work out the details of that offline.
- Blog post
  - @djacu will update blog post later with
- Redesign doc
  - @avocadoom let's postpone further discussion until @flyfloh can review
- Landing page PR
  - @avocadoom and @flyfloh will continue working on the PR together
- Newsletter
  - @idabzo No progress yet. Hopefully something ready next Monday.
- Alpscale
  - @idabzo spoke with Alpscale and had a productive meeting. They will improve their website to be more clear how their are involved with Nix.
- Branding
  - @djacu lots of refactors and improvements to the tooling. Need to convert all text elements to paths because they are not system agnostic.
- Surveys
  - @djacu No desire from NixCon side to share a survey repo.
- Website re-design draft post
  - @djacu I forgot.
  - @idabzo will take this on and create a draft for the team to review.

# Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom will look at adding author metadata
- [ ] @flyfloh will review the re-design doc
- [ ] @avocadoom and @flyfloh work on the landing page PR together
- [ ] @idabzo will work on re-design discourse post
- [ ] @djacu will continue to work on branding

# Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
- @djacu will gradually begin planning the Survey 2025
