# Marketing Team meeting 2025-07-07

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @flyfloh
- Async

## Previous Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom will test out the palette some more.
- [ ] @idabzo will contact @ryantrinkle about funding.
- [x] @djacu will actually get started on the survey.

## Agenda

- Website
- Branding
- Survey

## Minutes

- @flyfloh last week @avocadoom gave me an issue to work on but I have not had time to look at it. I will try to look at it this week.
- @djacu version 0.1.0 of the branding guide has been released.
- @djacu the survey annoucement was made on discourse. Getting lots of good feedback on discourse and in the GitHub repository.
- @djacu trying to figure out how to best handle the "skill level" question.
- @flyfloh what if we separate the self assessment question from the 'what are you doing with it' question. Let the user determine their own level and then we use another question(s) to find out what people are using.
- @flyfloh and @djacu discussing choices.
  - I just started using Nix.
  - I rely on blog posts, video tutorials, or examples.
  - I can write my own Nix expressions.
  - I use the module system to create my own NixOS configuration.
  - I can write my own NixOS modules.
  - I understand submodules.
  - I understand how overlays work.
  - I feel comfortable enough to contribute upstream.
  - I teach others about Nix/Nixpkgs/NixOS.
  - I understand a portion of the ecosystem enough to make architectural choices
    - About one of the language frameworks
    - About stdenv
    - About modules
    - About some Nix experimental feature
    - Or something else not listed
  - I have read some portion of the Nix source code and understand it.
  - I _completely_ understand _all_ Nix error messages.
- @flyfloh since overlays are so special, should we ask more questions about overlays. Is the documentation about them good? Do people know about them at all?

## Tasks

- [ ]

## Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
