# Marketing Team meeting 2025-06-16

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @idabzo
  - @avocadoom
- Async

## Previous Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom will reach out to @fricklerhandwerk and figure out what the next steps are for the website re-design.
- [ ] @avocadoom will test the proposed color palette on the website.
- [ ] @idabzo will work on [a rainbow logo blog post](https://pad.lassul.us/sq5cE63YQ16BB-N_k0Q9TA).
- [ ] @idabzo will contact @ryantrinkle about funding of the team.
- [ ] @djacu integrating @idabzo's copy into the branding guide.
- [ ] @djacu will look at survey 2025.

## Agenda

- Website Re-design
  - @avocadoom, @fricklerhandwerk, and @idabzo are meeting June 18th to discuss.
- Testing color palette
  - @avocaddom testing it out and so far it is looking good.
- Rainbow logo blog post
  - @idabzo will publish on June 28th, the stonewall anniversary.
- Team Funding
  - @avocadoom, @fricklerhandwerk, and @idabzo are meeting June 18th to discuss.
  - @idabzo will contact @ryantrinkle after today's meeting
- Branding
  - Pulled in much of the copy from @idabzo
  - Updated color palette section
- Survey
  - @djacu will find someone to create a survey repo this week and get to work.

## Minutes

- Website Re-design
- Testing color palette
- Team Funding
- Branding
- Survey

## Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom will test out the palette some more.
- [ ] @idabzo will contact @ryantrinkle about funding.
- [ ] @djacu will actually get started on the survey.

## Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
