# Marketing Team meeting 2025-11-17

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @avocadoom
  - @ra33it0
- Async

## Previous Tasks

- [x] team finish review of OSD job listing
- [x] @avocadoom I'll take a look at fly.io
- [x] @avocadoom investigate fonts we can use for the headings and body text of the homepage
- [x] @avocadoom Put the survey banner back up
- [x] @flyfloh Post about election results and survey this week.
- [x] @djacu follow up with @tgerbet
- [x] @djacu follow up with Foundation about online store
- [ ] @djacu if OSD listing is ready I'll post it

## Agenda

- Foundation
- Website
- Branding
- Socials
- Survey

## Minutes

- Foundation
  - @ra33it0 let us setup a call with @lillecarl to talk about a merch store.
- Website
  - Hosting
    - @avocadoom Regarding a new hosting solution, every platform has a weakness. statichost.eu currently does not have pull request previews. At this point, looking at solutions like coolify or zane-ops that give us control over the hosting and then we can put it behind a CDN.
  - Decision-makers page
    - @avocadoom Moving forward with decision-makers page.
  - Fonts
    - @avocadoom Looking at Epilogue and Manrope.
    - @djacu I like Epilogue better.
    - Moving forward with Epilogue as the official body font.
- Branding
  - FOSDEM
    - @avocadoom @katexochen is asking about a banner/rollup for FOSDEM.
    - @djacu we can purchase a new banner if one does not exist.
    - @ra33it0 can get something from https://www.flyeralarm.com/de
  - npmjs
    - @tgerbet gave me access to the nixos and nixpkgs orgs on npmjs.com
- Socials
- Survey
  - @djacu two weeks until survey closes.
  - @djacu one issue the several people messaged me about was that the survey would time out if they left it for too long. I think I messaged the infra team on matrix about it. I will follow up with them.

## Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom I will work on the decision makers page.
- [ ] @avocadoom I will roll out Epilogue as the new body font on the homepage.
- [ ] @avocaddom I will work on the build process.
- [ ] @djacu I will ask the infra team about increasing the timeout on limesurvey.
- [ ] @djacu I will work on publishing the npm package.
- [ ] @djacu I will message katexochen about FOSDEM banners.
- [ ] @djacu I will post the OSD listing.
- [ ] @djacu I will setup a meeting with @ra33it0 and @lillecarl.

## Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
