# Marketing Team meeting 2025-10-20

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @avocadoom
- Async

## Previous Tasks

- [x] @avocadoom make sponsors page more discoverable on the donate page
- [ ] @avocadoom investigate fonts we can use for the headings and body text of the homepage
- [x] @avocadoom get color and branding PR ready
- [ ] @djacu ping infra about npmjs account
- [x] @djacu send an email to dotcolon

## Agenda

- Foundation
  - @djacu I pinged some of the members of the Foundation that Alexei from cyreal offered to customize fonts with NixOS branding for a fee. Waiting on rough order of measure for the fee.
- Website
  - @djacu For the body font, do we not want to use Roboto or just investigating?
  - @avocadoom Mostly investigating. Roboto is boxy but doesn't compliment our logo typeface well.
  - @avocadoom candidates for body font:
    - https://fontsource.org/fonts/manrope
    - https://github.com/sursly/sono
    - https://github.com/Etcetera-Type-Co/Epilogue
    - Libre Franklin from cyreal.org
  - @djacu and @avocadoom sono probably clashes too much with Route 159.
  - @djacu bootstrap governance page?
  - @avocadoom did not see that. Just GitHub things.
  - @djacu I was told about [Open Source Design](https://opensourcedesign.net/) at NixCon. I was thinking about posting a job listing for branding and website work but wasnted to ask you about it first.
  - @avocadoom sounds good. Let's work on the draft together.
  - @avocadoom You saw the recent DNS issues. Speaking with @hexa, we should look into a new hosting provider or infrastructure.
  - Needs and/or considerations
    - Deploy previews
    - Availability (single bare metal or CDN)
    - Having A and/or AAAA records and not apex records
    - Hosting infrastructure builds the site versus GitHub building versus some other infrastructure
  - Possible options
    - https://coolify.io/
    - https://appwrite.io/products/sites
    - https://fly.io/
- Branding
  - @djacu got in contact with Alexei from cyreal. Found out which is the latest Jura font--it is the one in Alexei's repository. Still waiting to hear back about a fee for customizing typesfaces.
  - @djacu emailed Sora Sagano from dotcolon. No response yet.
  - @djacu License and attribution [PR](https://github.com/NixOS/branding/pull/29) is still in work
  - @djacu Working on resolving the floating point hash mismatch on Darwin. Going down a rabbit hole of building out infrastructure that shows nice diffs for SVG files.
- Socials
- Survey
  - @avocadoom should we switch out the election banner for the survey?
  - @djacu I think the election banner is still needed. I will contact the EC members to ask what the banner should say.

## Minutes

- Foundation
- Website
- Branding
- Socials
- Survey

## Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom investigate fonts we can use for the headings and body text of the homepage
- [ ] @avocadoom bootstrap governance page
- [ ] @djacu ping [tgerbet](@tgerbet:matrix.org) about npmjs account
- [ ] @djacu ping people about website hosting solutions
- [ ] @djacu ping EC members about banner
- [ ] @djacu start draft for Open Source Design posting
- [ ] @djacu discourse post about the branding page

## Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
