# Attendees

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @idabzo
  - @avocadoom
  - @flyfloh
- Async

# Previous Tasks

- [ ] @idabzo will monitor the Alpscale PR
- [ ] @albertc will create a PR based on [unselectable shell prompts issue](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/1380)
- [ ] @idabzo will coordinate with the individuals who have the appropriate permissions to merge changes on the webpage, ensuring more curated and controlled updates to the site
- [ ] @avocadoom/@flyfloh update the footer by removing the newsletter link

# Agenda

- Alpscale PR
- Unselectable shell prompts issue
- Merge changes coordination
- Footer
- Logo

# Minutes

- @idabzo: Still open; waiting on Alpscale
- @albertc: Issue still in work
- @idabzo: No progress yet on coordation
- @avocadoom: Footer is done
- @avocadoom: We need to work on the redesign notes. Will fill this out with the notes from the meeting in the next few days.
- @avocadoom: Hexa suggested to add zizmor to our GHA. It's now integrated. [commit](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/commit/1e30891041abf19cb40a5981785cfb4a6921ef96)
- @avocadoom: Added functionality to build the homepage with Nix. [branch](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/tree/folder-restructure-part2). Working on one remaining issue with the manuals.
- @flyfloh: working on explain nixos on the nixos.org landing page [issue](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/1648)
- @djacu: Branding code has been restructured from scripts to a nix-buildable package. Also was able to get the package working as a python editable source with Nix for easier developement. Also created a new rainbow logo.

# Tasks

- [ ] everyone make contributions to the redesign doc if you have time
- [ ] @avocadoom continue to work on restructure part 2
- [ ] @idabzo thinking about newsletter
- [ ] @flyfloh open a PR for the landing page issue #1648
- [ ] @djacu continue to work on branding

# Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
- @djacu will gradually begin planning the Survey 2025
