# Attendees

- @djacu
- @idabzo
- @avocadoom
- @flyfloh
- @tomberek

# Previous Tasks

- [x] @avocadoom will document the vite/astro/nix problem
- [x] @idabzo will continue to work with @kate and @fricklerhandwerk on the budget
- [ ] @idabzo will meet with @isabelroses
- [x] @djacu will work on the banner post
- [x] @djacu will meet up with @ra33it0 to discuss branding guides
- [x] @flyfloh is creating an issue and working on a prototype for Nix / NixOS content on the homepage [#1648](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/1648)

# Agenda

- Vite/Astro/Nix Issue
- Budget status
- Meeting with Isabel about socials
- Banner
  - Who wants to be a judge?
  - Instead of a single winner, select multiple? Leaves us options for the future.
  - Judging criteria?
  - Winner is accredited in the branding repo? If we hold off a little, then we might have something in there.
- Branding
- NixOS unstable image installer on Homepage
  - https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/635

# Minutes

- @idabzo Kate informed the board that we want a budget but no feedback so far. We are going to figure out the budget without the board for now. We need to make a proposal and get final approval.
- @avocadoom no responses about the issue yet. Wait another week and see if any progress is made otherwise consider restructuring the repository. (moving the astro project one level deeper so it does not interfer with symlinks)
- @avocadoom going to work on migrating us to Tailwind 4.
- @avocadoom going to look at migrating the content collections for Astro 5.
- @avocadoom investigating [Eslint Astro Plugin](https://ota-meshi.github.io/eslint-plugin-astro/) and [Biome](https://biomejs.dev/) for linting in another project.
- @idabzo no meeting with @isabelroses last week; rescheduled for this week.
- @djacu who wants to be a judge?
  - @djacu, @idabzo, @flyfloh, @avocadoom, @tomberek
- @djacu do we want to ask @ra33it0?
  - @ida yes
- @djacu what do we think about multiple winners.
- @tomberek there might be different designs that work for different venues or different sizes.
- @djacu judging criteria? Save for later.
- @djacu prize?
  - @tomberek what about giving the winners a copy of the banner
- @flyfloh Issue [#635](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/635) is still open. Should I work on it or is there something that is blocking?
  - @avocadoom still needs work. Go ahead.
- @flyfloh proposes changes to landing page and learning page.
  - @avocadoom is fine with the learning page but uncomfortable with the landing page. Will work on getting some ideas on paper to share with the team.

# Tasks

- [ ]: @avocadoom going to look at migrating the content collections for Astro 5.
- [ ]: @avocadoom going to work on migrating us to Tailwind 4.
- [ ]: @idabzo will meet with @isabelroses
- [ ]: @idabzo will continue to work with @kate and @fricklerhandwerk on the budget
- [ ]: @djacu will work on the banner post
- [ ]: @djacu will work on the branding repo

# Backlog

- @avocadoom investing tooling for code quality in CI
