## Attendees

Daniel (@djacu)
Chris (@crertel)
Thilo (@avocadoom)
Valentin (@fricklerhandwerk)
Florian (@flyfloh)

## Agenda

@garbas has left the team after founding it in 2020 and leading it to redesign nixos.org and focus marketing efforts on developers as a target audience. Thanks a lot!

@djacu wants to reset the team a bit and collect what's going on.

## Notes

@djacu The website is ... what is the status now? What stage of the site enhancement are we at? We migrated the build tools a while ago.

@avocadoom Maybe we could add new features like dark mode.

@avocadoom No other concrete features right now.

@avocadoom There is clear issue of ownership

@avocadoom We have a lot of open issues; would be good to go through them and address them or close them.

@flyfloh

- There was a marketing meeting mid December.
- @tomberek gave me the go ahead to start closing issues.
- Meeting notes from mid December
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v0qr3IlOu5gkKgaTt95IMrcQIPGR-5z0pdga1ink50E/edit?tab=t.0

@fricklerhandwerk proposes to request a budget from the SC to hire someone to own and manage aspects of the marketing team

- @avocadoom asked for funding last year but that got rejected
  - @fricklerhandwerk: situation has changed; based on discussions with the @tomberek (going back to October 2023) every team should have a budget,

@crertel How do we select a new lead?

@fricklerhandwerk and @djacu proposing @idabzo to be the new team lead

@fricklerhandwerk let's contact @idabzo and create a private matrix room to start personnel/budget discussions.

@djacu will contact @idabzo

@djacu returning to @avocadoom's earlier concern about handling contributions that are out of scope or change too many things at once

@avocadoom

- Make clear goals for what we want to do
- Have a list of things people can work on if they cannot attend the meeting (use the issue tracker). Make sure the task is well scoped.
- Also had some issues with infra, such as GitHub not allowing previews by external contributions
  - @frickerlerhandwerk: Seems it would help if we got some help on the infra side there?

@fricklerhandwerk

- We need a golden path for new people to contribute successfully.
- We need a quick and painless path for maintainers to say "no" gracefully, so they can burn down their ever-growing queues.

@djacu will figure out the calendar and move it to Monday at 1800 UTC.
