# Attendees

- @djacu
- @idabzo
- @albertc

- Async update

  - @avocadoom
  - @flyfloh

# Previous Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom going to look at migrating the content collections for Astro 5.
- [ ] @idabzo will continue to work with @kate and @fricklerhandwerk on the budget
- [ ] @djacu will work on the banner post
- [ ] @djacu will work on the branding repository

# Agenda

- Astro 5 Content Collections
- Budget
- Banner
- Branding
- What to do with the Commercial Support page

# Minutes

- @flyfloh: I‘ll try to open a PR for #635 (the unstable installer image) this week.
- @djacu: @avocadoom is not here and did not have an update for Astro 5 so we can discuss next meeting.
- Budget
  - @idabzo: No news on budget but hopefully very soon.
- Nix Teams
  - @idabzo: Trying to reboot the Nix Teams meeting with @tomberek.
- Banner
  - @djacu: Putting banner on the backlog until branding is "done".
- Branding
  - @djacu: Making progress on branding. It's going to take a while.
- @albertc
  - @albertc: I thought I had a vanilla reproduction for the reloading issue but turns out I didn't.
  - @albertc: Going to take a look at the Darwin flake outputs and see if I can fix them.
  - @albertc: Looking for more things to do.
    - @djacu: Take a look at this years issues and ping @avocadoom on matrix.
- Commercial Support page
  - @avocadoom would like us to decide what to do with https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/1652
  - @idabzo: The problem with the commercial support page is that it is hard to be up to date. We would have to setup a regular schedule to check it and make sure it is current. Or remove it and find a new home for it.
  - @djacu: Agree with what @fricklerhandwerk said. We should have a page for partners that isn't being outshined by a non-partner page.
  - @djacu: We should ask @avocadoom if he wants to add the responsibility of ensuring the commercial support page is current (~once a quarter). This falls under his responsbilities. If not, we remove and can create a repository similar to the haskell companies repository.
  - @albertc and @idabzo: agree
- Partners
  - @djacu: Maybe we should make a nice page for partners.
  - @albertc: We could use the same styling from the commercial support page.

# Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom going to look at migrating the content collections for Astro 5.
- [ ] @avocadoom should decided what to do with the Commercial Support page
- [ ] @idabzo will continue to work with @kate and @fricklerhandwerk on the budget
- [ ] @djacu will work on the branding repository
- [ ] @albertc will find some issues to work on
- [ ] @flyfloh will work on a PR for Issue #635
- [ ] Next week the team should discuss a Partners page.

# Backlog

- @avocadoom investing tooling for code quality in CI
- @djacu will work on the banner post
