# Marketing Team meeting 2025-10-06

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @avocadoom
  - @ra33it0
- Async

## Previous Tasks

- [ ] Headsup Framework

## Agenda

- Foundation
- Website
- Branding
- Socials
- Survey

## Minutes

- Foundation
  - Blog article being written about our partnership efforts with Framework. Waiting for review. Could use help with cross-posting.
  - Having the @ryantrinkle review the license and attribution [PR](https://github.com/NixOS/branding/pull/29).
- Website
  - @avocadoom been working on the branding page and the color updates. Iterated on what @djacu has done. Added a section for the branding guide. Made things fancy.
  - @avocadoom I included the NPM package we created at NixCon.
  - @ra33it0 Can we make the sponsors page more discoverable on the donate page.
- Branding
  - @djacu A [PR](https://github.com/NixOS/branding/pull/29) to add license, attribution, and provenance information to the repository.
  - @avocadoom can we add the website fonts to the branding guide?
  - @djacu & @ra33it0 yes the font types we use should be in the guide
  - @djacu suggestion to look [dotcolon](https://dotcolon.net/) for other fonts; same author as the one used for the logotype
  - @avocadoom for the future it would be good if the fonts were in the branding repo and be the one source of truth for all our branding assets
- Socials
- Survey
  - @djacu Everything seems fine? We have 2 more months before the survey closes.

## Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom make sponsors page more discoverable on the donate page
- [ ] @avocadoom investigate fonts we can use for the headings and body text of the homepage
- [ ] @avocadoom get color and branding PR ready
- [ ] @djacu ping infra about npmjs account
- [ ] @djacu send an email to dotcolon

## Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
