# Marketing Team meeting 2025-05-12

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @idabzo
  - @avocadoom
- Async

## Previous Tasks

- [x] @avocadoom will look at adding author metadata
- [ ] @avocadoom and @flyfloh work on the landing page PR together
- [x] @djacu will continue to work on branding

## Agenda

- Author metadata
- Landing page PR
- Redesign doc
- Website
- Newsletter
- Branding

## Minutes

- Author metadata
  - @avocadoom is there anything else we want to add like email?
  - @djacu how about a handle?
  - @avocadoom like a discourse handle?
  - @djacu yeah we use it elsewhere on the website like for teams.
- Landing page PR
  - @avocadoom will talk with @flyfloh and assist him with the PR.
- Redesign doc
  - @djacu we were still waiting for who to comment? Oh right community post!
  - @idabzo I will comment that we are still waiting for feedback and will wrap up the thread in 1 week or do you think we should wrap up now?
  - @avocadoom I think people will be angry if we wrap up right now.
  - @idabzo Okay 1 more week then.
- Website
  - @djacu any other website topics?
  - @avocadoom there was a PR I reviewed today that improved the installation commands but not much else.
- Newsletter
  - @idabzo working on an article that captures everything in May and will publish it in June.
- Branding
  - @djacu lots of progress this past week.
    - Big refactor to re-organize things.
      `packagesFromDirectoryRecursive` is amazing.
      No long need to pass individual derivations around but can use the recursive scopes.
      Removes a lot of repetition.
    - Found out that typst and typix do not produce deterministic PDF files.
    - Clearspace imagery is almost done.
  - @avocadoom can we start using the new logos on the website now?
  - @djacu give me one more week to make a better media kit

## Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom I will assist @flyfloh with the landing page
- [ ] @avocadoom I will add the discourse handle to the blog post metadata
- [ ] @idabzo I will help @djacu with the copy for the branding guide
- [ ] @idabzo I will work on the newsletter
- [ ] @djacu I will make a more complete media kit for @avocadoom and the website.
- [ ] @djacu I will contact the board about [PR #1746](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/1746)

## Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
- @djacu will gradually begin planning the Survey 2025
