# Marketing Team meeting 2025-08-04

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @reyows.evets
  - @ra33it0
- Async
  - flyfloh
  - avocadoom

## Previous Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom is working on the decisionmakers page
- [x] @avocadoom figure out how to incomporate the palette file directly into the site
- [ ] @djacu work on closing out the survey so we can post it
- [ ] @djacu look into sumup device and region locking and open an issue on the foundation repo

## Agenda

- Async updates
- Foundation
- Website
- Branding
- Survey

## Minutes

- Async updates
  - @flyfloh: I updated the sponsor shout-outs according to the list on Discourse and changed the schedule to twice daily. I've also removed the Twitter channel from Buffer, because it didn't work and it looks like we're not going to post there for the time being.
  - @avocadoom: I mostly continued work on integrating the branding repo into the website and will continue with my ongoing tasks for this week.
- @ra33it0: Asking the marketing team to elect a new lead. The marketing team will discuss this offline.
- @ra33it0 and @djacu: The marketing team really needs help. We should do a better job at NixCon during the State of the Union in the way we ask for help. People that are interested in working on analytics, community manager (socials), branding strategy and design, website development, merchandise.

## Tasks

## Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
