# Marketing Team meeting 2025-08-18

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @avocadoom
  - @reyows.evets
  - @ra33it0
  - @flyfloh
  - @pinpox
- Async

## Previous Tasks

- [x] team reach out to the people mentioned previously and see if they are interested in joining the team.
- [x] team select a new lead.
- [ ] @djacu and @avocadoom: Work on making the color palette a published NPM package.
- [x] @avocadoom is working on the decisionmakers page
- [ ] @djacu work on closing out the survey so we can post it
- [ ] @djacu look into sumup device and region locking and open an issue on the foundation repo

## Agenda

- Foundation
- Website
- Branding
- Socials
- Survey

## Minutes

- Previous Tasks
  - People have been contacted.
  - New team lead has been selected.
  - @djacu didn't have time to work on publishing the palette. @avocadoom will take over.
  - @avocadoom has made progress on a skeleton.
  - @mic92 fixed the surveylime instance so we can create a new survey now.
  - @djacu tried calling sumup; was on hold for too long. Will try again another time.
- Website
  - Decision makers branch is ready for contributions https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/tree/decisionmakers
  - @ra33it0 Consider adding an executive summary at the beginning of the page. Include companies and start ups that are using it.
  - @flyfloh The first thing I look at is "Does it solve my problem?".
  - @ra33it0 I think we should convince them to keep reading in the first paragraph and then talk about the community further down.
  - @flyfloh we have a lot of decision makers in the community. We could ask them.
  - @avocadoom We could make a discourse post.
  - @ra33it0 I don't think there will be a lot of decision makers on discourse. Linkedin would be a better target.
  - @reyows.evets I have some contacts through Nix in the Wild I could reach out to.
- Branding
  - @djacu no major progress this week. Preparing for NixCon.
- Socials
  - @flyfloh I don't have access to Linkedin. @raboof said they have access and I asked if they could give me access but never heard back. I also wrote @mic92 and @zimbatm.
- Surveys
  - @ra33it0 would be good to add a few questions about decision makers to the survey.
    - Does your workplace use Nix?
    - Are you the one that made that decision?
    - What convinced your workplace to use Nix?
    - What prevented your workplace from using Nix?
    - What convinced you to use Nix in your workplace?

## Tasks

- [ ] @reyows.evets will reach out to find some decision makers for us to talk with.
- [ ] @reyows.evets will work on the decisionmakers page
- [ ] @avocadoom will work on the nix build process for the branding-assets npm package (colors, logos, etc.)
- [ ] @avocadoom will work on the decisionmakers page
- [ ] @flyfloh will contact @raboof again
- [ ] @djacu will work on deploying the survey

## Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
- @djacu look into sumup device and region locking and open an issue on the foundation repo
