# Marketing Team meeting 2025-05-19

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @idabzo
  - @avocadoom
  - @flyfloh
- Async

## Previous Tasks

- [x] @avocadoom I will assist @flyfloh with the landing page
- [x] @avocadoom I will add the discourse handle to the blog post metadata
- [ ] @idabzo I will help @djacu with the copy for the branding guide
- [ ] @idabzo I will work on the newsletter
- [x] @djacu I will make a more complete media kit for @avocadoom and the website.
- [x] @djacu I will contact the board about [PR #1746](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/1746)

## Agenda

- Landing page PR
- Discourse handle on blog post
- Branding guide copy
- Foundation
- Newsletter
- Media-kit/branding
- PR #1746
- Meeting Meta
- New merchandise

## Minutes

- Landing page PR
  - @avocadoom I proposed a concept how we split Nix and NixOS up. You can see it in the [PR](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/1726#issuecomment-2891149485).
  - @flyfloh There was a discussion above that comment with @fricklerhandwerk. They also posted on the Discourse post. The point being that we need to figure out our target audience.
  - @avocadoom We should consider finding a good middle ground between the highly technical audience and the new to Linux audience.
  - @flyfloh The issue is not 'is it technical or not' but what value does Nix/NixOS bring to you?
  - @avocadoom it's always about 'if it works on my machine it works on your's; for nix it's on the package level, for nixos it's on the os level
  - @flyfloh the issue is that many people come to the homepage and have no idea what Nix and NixOS is about.
  - @djacu About the catch phrase from before, do we want to consider using that as part of Nix/NixOS branding? We could certainly add something like that as part of the branding guide. Please no "I use Nix btw" or "Nix fixes this" messaging.
  - @avocadoom we should definitely be honest with the messaging and not say that Nix will solve all their problems.
  - @avocadoom We should make the messaging and wording on the homepage a Marketing Team task.
  - @flyfloh we should make the landing page PR smaller and just focus on getting NixOS on the home page. I think the focus on the landing page should be people who do not know anything about Nix and NixOS.
- Discourse handle on blog post
  - @avocadoom It is implemented.
- Branding guide copy
  - @idabzo I have started working on it.
- Foundation
  - @idabzo I have been talking with @kate. She is asking for some help with writing GDPR guidelines for the Foundation. She will be responsible for the copy and we will be responsible for implementing it on the website.
- Newsletter
  - @idabzo pushing this to work more on branding.
- Media-kit/branding
  - @djacu @avocadoom are we good with the media-kit?
- PR #1746
  - @djacu still waiting on a written decision from the Foundation.
- UX Workshop
  - @avocadoom is going to [the UX workshop](https://discourse.nixos.org/t/2025-05-24-25-zhf-25-05-hackathon-ost-zurich-rapperswil-jona/62281) this week
- Meeting Meta
  - @djacu We have had a lot of audio/video issues with jitsi. These problems disappear when we have tried using Google Meet. How do we feel about Google Meet from now on?
  - @avocadoom I would prefer a non-commercial platform but we can also use Google Meet.
  - @flyfloh Google Meet is fine.
  - @idabzo It is fine.
- New merchandise
  - @djacu I have been working on getting quotes from vendors on Alibaba for new Nix merchandise. I am trying to get an order of colored enamel pins, keychains, and necklaces in time for DEFCON. Prices look good. Some of the designs look really nice. Prices look good. I think I can get 200 of each shipped for around 900 USD.

## Tasks

- [ ] @team work on messaging for the homepage
- [ ] @avocadoom I will be attending the UX workshop and work on ideas for the homepage.
- [ ] @flyfloh I will work on the homepage redesign document with the feedback from discourse and today's meeting.
- [ ] @idabzo I will sync with @kate.
- [ ] @idabzo I will work on copy.
- [ ] @djacu I will work on branding.
- [ ] @djacu I will work on changing the meeting link to use Google Meet.

## Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
- @djacu will gradually begin planning the Survey 2025
