# Attendees

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @idabzo
  - @avocadoom
  - @flyfloh
  - @tomberek
  - @albertc
- Async

# Previous Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom going to look at migrating the content collections for Astro 5.
- [x] @avocadoom should decided what to do with the Commercial Support page
- [ ] @idabzo will continue to work with @kate and @fricklerhandwerk on the budget
- [ ] @djacu will work on the branding repository
- [ ] @albertc will find some issues to work on
- [x] @flyfloh will work on a PR for Issue #635
- [ ] Next week the team should discuss a Partners page.

# Agenda

- Astro 5
- Commercial Support Page
- Budget
- Issue #635
- Partners Page
- Branding

# Minutes

- Astro 5
  - @thilo asked @albertc if he can help with Astro 5 collections.
  - @albertc have looked at it but no updates yet
- Commercial Support Page
  - Your company must offer commercial support for Nix
  - Your company must provide a clear description of their Nix services on their website (the descriptions have to explicitly mention Nix)
  - We ask listed companies to keep their info and logo up to date
- Budget
  - The Foundation has responded to the letter @idabzo sent.
  - Ron wants to wait a week or two until the Foundation board rotates and then discuss it.
  - @kate has everything she needs to form the budget.
- Issue #635
  - @flyfloh has posted [PR #1677](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/1677).
- Partners page
  - @djacu what do we want to do with partners?
  - @avocadoom put them on the landing page above or below examples.
  - @djacu would we want to give them something similar to the commercial support page cards.
  - @tomberek would be nice to do a socials call out to our partners (~once per quarter).
  - @djacu might want to remove them from the Donate page because it is not mentioned why those logos are here.
  - @avocadoom have some mention above the partners like "NixOS is enabled by our partners ... <logo> <logo> <logo>"
- Branding
  - @djacu Working on getting fonts
- flake.lock
  - @albertc looking into what broke with the latest update
  - @avocadoom also looking at it

# Tasks

- [ ] @albertc will continue to work on Astro 5 Collections
- [x] @avocadoom will update the README for the Commercial Support page
- [ ] @flyfloh will work with @avocadoom to iterate on layout of the download page
- [ ] @idabzo working on scheduling socials
- [ ] @avocadoom will work on Partners
- [ ] @idabzo will prep for a blog post for the new board rotation
- [ ] @djacu will work on the branding repository

# Backlog

- @avocadoom investing tooling for code quality in CI
- @djacu will work on the banner post
