# Marketing Team meeting 2025-07-21

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @infinisil
  - @ra33it0
  - @avocadoom
  - @tomberek
  - @barstoolbluz
- Async

## Previous Tasks

## Agenda

- Foundation
- Steve
- Website
- Branding
- Survey

## Minutes

- @ra33it0: I will be joining the Marketing Team meetings so we can improve collaboration going forward.
- @djacu: I'm not in the zulip or part of the previous discussions so I'm wondering "collaborating on what?"
- @ra33it0: Our job is to get you unblocked and your job is to put Nix into more minds. As a board representative would be to take your requests and get you what you need or deny it if need be.
- @ra33it0: We approved the funding for @avocadoom.
- @tomberek: I am interested to see if we can take this renewed interest and cross-collaboration and expand on it.
  1. Revive the team representatives meeting.
  2. This model of getting funding for a team can scale to other teams.
- @djacu: What was involved in getting the team representative meeting going before?
- @tomberek: It still exists on the calendar and was a pre-SC thing.
- @djacu summarizing part of the discussion: We are trying to improve cross-team collaboration. How do we do this? A centralized meeting? Individual team meetings? More open minutes? More announcements on Discourse? An "all teams" mailing list?
- @ra33it0: What do you all need help with?
- Logo usage for community projects?
  - @djacu: Need to have decision on what is okay and what isn't
  - @rabbit: Can have exemption applications
  - @djacu: More interested in official branding
  - @tomberek: In favor of official teams following branding guideline, unofficial use comes with policy and requests for permission
  - @infinisil: What if @djacu gets authority and permission to manage logos for teams?
- @djacu: Job for marketing team--write up policy about ownership to send to the SC.
- @barstoolbluz: Would love to help with writing
  - @djacu: Blog writing help is appreciated. Content is there but could use some shine
- @djacu: @barstoolbluz How about helping with homepage UX optimization?
  - @barstoolbluz: Can help and bring in others to help
- @avocadoom: We need someone help with examples. We need examples to target different groups of people: decision makers, developers, enthusiasts, etc.
  - @barstoolbluz: Can help with that
- @djacu: Official ask of the Foundation and the SC: I would like a place where I can take a subset of the survey responses and upload them as a file which then I can share with the appropriate team.

## Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom is working on the decisionmakers page
- [ ] @djacu work on closing out the survey so we can post it

## Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
