# Marketing Team meeting 2025-12-01

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @avocadoom
- Async

## Previous Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom I will work on the decision makers page.
- [ ] @avocadoom I will roll out Epilogue as the new body font on the homepage.
- [x] @avocaddom I will work on the build process.
- [x] @djacu I will ask the infra team about increasing the timeout on limesurvey.
- [x] @djacu I will work on publishing the npm package.
- [x] @djacu I will message katexochen about FOSDEM banners.
- [ ] @djacu I will post the OSD listing.
- [x] @djacu I will setup a meeting with @ra33it0 and @lillecarl.

## Agenda

- Foundation
- Website
- Branding
- Socials
- Survey

## Minutes

- Foundation
- Website
  - Decision makers page
    - @avocadoom I am working on it; it is progressing. I need to come up with examples for the practical example that are not too technical.
  - Epilogue
    - @avocadoom It is progressing.
  - Build process
    - @avocadoom Updating the lock file seems to have fixed it.
- Branding
  - Merch store
    - @djacu this is on hold for now.
  - OSD
    - @djacu I was going to post the job listings this weekend but noticed that there is a field for the project's license. The homepage has license information but the branding repository does not yet. I have an old PR in that I need to wrap up.
- Socials
- Survey
  - Limesurvey timeout
    - @djacu I asked the infra team about updating the time. Someone showed me where in the repository it would go. No time to fix now.
  - Current survey
    - @djacu I need to close out the current survey.
  - Formbricks
    - @djacu I have started packaging this for nixpkgs. Currently running into prisma issues.

## Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom I will work on the decision makers page.
- [ ] @avocadoom I will roll out Epilogue as the new body font on the homepage.
- [ ] @avocadoom I will work on updating the [AMI version issue](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/1909).
- [ ] @djacu I will finish the license, attribution, and provenance [PR](https://github.com/NixOS/branding/pull/29)
- [ ] @djacu I will post the OSD listing.
- [ ] @djacu I will start a new discussion with @katexochen and @sigmanificient for design discussion regarding FOSDEM.

## Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
