# Marketing Team meeting 2025-06-09

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @idabzo
  - @avocadoom
- Async

## Previous Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom maintain website per usual
- [ ] @idabzo work on copy for branding guide
- [ ] @djacu work on color palette

## Agenda

- Branding
- Website
- Team Name
- Rainbow logo

## Minutes

- Branding
  - @djacu I shared the current thoughts of the color palette with the people in the branding discussion.
  - I contacted @sigmasquadron about updating the matrix logos.
  - @doggobit
- Website
  - @avocadoom I'll tinker with the color palette @djacu has provided and see if it fits.
- Team Name
  - @idabzo @garbas created the Marketing Team years ago and most people who have been in the community a while know what the team is about.
  - @djacu to address @fricklerhandwerk's concerns, do people generally perceive the marketing team as a group trying to sell them something?
  - Generally we all agree that the larger issue is with how we _market_ ourselves and what the team does. So we should definitely improve that.
- Rainbow logo
  - @idabzo Someone in the marketing matrix channel asked if we could make a blog post about the rainbow logo.
    > I just noticed that the NixOS logo has been updated, in recognition of Pride Month. I understand that this change is meant to reflect and signal that the Nix community is inclusive and supportive of diversity. Don't you think it might be a good idea to accompany this visual change with a short blog post (or official statement) ?
    >
    > Such a post could briefly explain the reason for the logo update, reaffirm the inclusive values of the Nix community, and outline the stance the project takes on diversity and belonging in open source.
    >
    > WDYT?
  - @avocadoom Someone had asked about it on the nixos-homepage repository.
    https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/1775#issuecomment-2954372067
  - @djacu I thought it would be cool but I didn't want to sign anyone up for more work. There was also this string of comments.
    https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/1719#issuecomment-2933776036
  - @idabzo I'll work on a post.

## Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom will reach out to @fricklerhandwerk and figure out what the next steps are for the website re-design.
- [ ] @avocadoom will test the proposed color palette on the website.
- [ ] @idabzo will work on a rainbow logo blog post.
- [ ] @idabzo will contact @ryantrinkle about funding of the team.
- [ ] @djacu integrating @idabzo's copy into the branding guide.
- [ ] @djacu will look at survey 2025.

## Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
