# Attendees

- @djacu
- @idabzo
- @albertc
- @avocadoom
- @tomberek
- @isabelroses
 
# Previous Tasks

- [ ] @flyfloh is creating an issue and working on a prototype for Nix / NixOS content on the homepage
- [x] @avocadoom work on the dev environment
- [x] @idabzo follow up with Kate about the budget
- [x] @djacu update the contribution guide with things that okay to PR without issue
- [x] @djacu Add marketing team positions to homepage
- [ ] @djacu write up post on discourse for people to submit designs for the banner and stickers

# Agenda

- Prototype
- Development environment
- Budget status
- Banner

# Minutes

- @avocadoom doom is making progress on the development environment. Opened an issue on the Astro repo. Considering different structures if things don't resolve soon.
- @avocadoom will document the vite/astro/nix problem for @djacu and @albertc to look over and discuss.
- @idabzo had an async conversation with @kate about the budget proposal to the board. Making progress!
- @djacu got nerd sniped researching branding guides while writing the banner design contest post. Will return to the banner post this week.
- @djacu asked @tomberek about decision making on the branding guide. Advised to do our best and make a decision and if there is a dispute then the SC will handle it.
- @idabzo and @isabelroses will meet up separately to discuss ideas for social media.

# Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom will document the vite/astro/nix problem
- [ ] @idabzo will continue to work with @kate and @fricklerhandwerk on the budget
- [ ] @idabzo will meet with @isabelroses
- [ ] @djacu will work on the banner post
- [ ] @djacu will meet up with @ra33it0 to discuss branding guides

# Backlog

- @avocadoom investing tooling for code quality in CI
- @flyfloh is creating an issue and working on a prototype for Nix / NixOS content on the homepage
