# Attendees

- Sync
  - @idabzo
  - @avocadoom
  - @flyfloh
- Async

# Previous Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom work on code quality, banner stuff, and website theme
- [ ] @albertc wrap up Astro 5 collections
- [x] @albertc [put PR for fixing the build on macos](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/1711)
- [x] @albertc [revised unselectable shell prompts issue](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/1380)
- [ ] @flyfloh wrap up landing page PR and ISO image download
- [ ] @djacu work on branding, setup branding meeting, follow up with contacts from SCaLE/Planet Nix
- [x] @idabzo will follow up on the Alpscale PR

# Agenda

- Talk about discussion points from [mention and link alternative implementations](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/1703) 
- improving blog posts (disclaimers and author mentions)
- Marketing team spring cleaning process, [fetching access permissions](https://github.com/NixOS/org/issues/90#issuecomment-2748347110) 
- Nixcon
- Newsletter resurrection/revolution

# Minutes
- @avocadoom did some hard work on good practices and code quality on our website, as well as addressing the banner topic. He is continuing the work
- regarding how we display the information on the webpage: In general, we should consider the amount of information we present and how to curate it more effectively. We discussed the potential rework of the landing page
- we probably do not have the capacity to manage a newsletter at the moment, so we decided to move the newsletter link from the footer and post larger updates (monthly) in the news section
- NixCon organizers will receive webmaster assistance from us. @idabzo will coordinate the flow of this collaboration



# Tasks
- [ ] @idabzo will monitor the Alpscale PR
- [ ] @albertc will create a PR based on [unselectable shell prompts issue](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/issues/1380)
- [ ] @idabzo will coordinate with the individuals who have the appropriate permissions to merge changes on the webpage, ensuring more curated and controlled updates to the site
- [ ] @avocadoom/@flyfloh update the footer by removing the newsletter link


# Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
- @djacu will gradually begin planning the Survey 2025