# Attendees

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @idabzo
  - @avocadoom
- Async
  - @flyfloh

# Previous Tasks

- [ ] everyone make contributions to the redesign doc if you have time
- [x] @avocadoom continue to work on restructure part 2
- [ ] @idabzo thinking about newsletter
- [x] @flyfloh open a PR for the landing page issue #1648
- [ ] @djacu continue to work on branding

# Agenda

- Redesign doc
- Restructure Part 2
- Newsletter
- Landing page issue
- Branding

# Minutes

- Redesign doc
  - @avocadoom: let's hold off until @flyfloh has a chance to review
  - @djacu: the message to ask the discourse for help should come from you but do you want help writing the post?
  - @avocadoom: yes
- Restructure Part 2
  - merged [#1727](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/1727)
- Newsletter
  - @idabzo: nothing yet
- Landing page issue
  - @flyfloh opened a PR [#1726](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/1726)
- Branding
  - @djacu: Progress is going well. Did a big refactor and the outputHash verifies that the SVGs are still the same. Working on integrating the logotype code into the Python package. I'll be attending the trademark meeting with the board later this week.
- Alpscale PR
  - @idabzo: I am going to have a meeting with them soon(TM).
- Surveys
  - @djacu: Previously, each survey had its own repository. I am thinking of either centralizing the survey data under the `marketing` repository or a new `surveys` repository.
  - @idabzo: We should ask other teams like the NixCon team if they would find it useful.

# Tasks

- [ ] everyone make contributions to the redesign doc if you have time
- [ ] @avocadoom review @flyfloh's PR
- [ ] @idabzo prepare draft version of newsletter
- [ ] @idabzo follow up with Alpscale
- [ ] @djacu my life is branding
- [ ] @djacu ask in nixcon matrix chat if they would find a `surveys` repo under the `nixos` org helpful.
- [ ] @djacu create a draft post for discourse about the website re-design

# Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
- @djacu will gradually begin planning the Survey 2025
