# Attendees

- @djacu

- Async update
  - @avocadoom
  - @idabzo
  - @albertc
  - @flyfloh

# Previous Tasks

- [ ]: @avocadoom going to look at migrating the content collections for Astro 5.
- [x]: @avocadoom going to work on migrating us to Tailwind 4.
- [x]: @idabzo will meet with @isabelroses
- [ ]: @idabzo will continue to work with @kate and @fricklerhandwerk on the budget
- [ ]: @djacu will work on the banner post
- [ ]: @djacu will work on the branding repo

# Agenda

- Astro 5 Content Collections
- Tailwind 4 migration
- Meeting with @isabelroses
- Budget
- Banner
- Branding

# Minutes

- @djacu: Async updates from people who could not make the meeting.
  - @avocadoom: I finished the tailwind conversion and will try to propose my idea regarding the front page to Florian.
  - @idabzo:
    1. Socials: I met with Isabel to discuss our social media strategy. Taking into account additional feedback from Sebastian Kraus and Valentin, we now have a plan—I’ll prepare the posts, and Isabel will review them.
    2. Budget: No update.
    3. Additional update: I discussed the Nix newsletter with Jonas Chevalier this week, and we have some great ideas on how to bring it to life.
  - @albertc: I was following Thilo’s and your notes on the issue and saw similar behavior. I wanted to add more logging to chokidar and vite to see if it got hung up on symlinks but then for unrelated reasons borked my Linux machine. I switched to macOS to see if I saw the same issues but apparently the dev shell is currently broken on mac (and it wasn’t back in May which was the last commit I had before pulling). I can look into fixing that separately. But anyway since I don’t have any strong leads on the big yet, going ahead with restructuring the repo makes sense.
- @djacu:
  1. Banner: Going to hold off on the banner post till we have something substantial to show in the branding repository.
  2. Branding: Making progress with the parametric flake.
     - Lambda is dimensioned.
     - Flake is dimensioned.
     - Can create a colored flake without gradients.
- @flyfloh: I plan to take care of the missing unstable image on the website this week and will try to get the open issue count in the homepage repo down a bit further.

# Tasks

No tasks this week. Everyone rest and catch up.

# Backlog

- @avocadoom investing tooling for code quality in CI
