# Marketing Team meeting 2025-11-03

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @avocadoom
  - @flyfloh
- Async

## Previous Tasks

- [ ] @avocadoom investigate fonts we can use for the headings and body text of the homepage
- [x] @avocadoom bootstrap governance page
- [x] @djacu ping [tgerbet](@tgerbet:matrix.org) about npmjs account
- [x] @djacu ping people about website hosting solutions
- [x] @djacu ping EC members about banner
- [x] @djacu start draft for Open Source Design posting
- [x] @djacu discourse post about the branding page

## Agenda

- Foundation
  - @djacu I sent an email to the Foundation Board about starting an official merchandise store. No word back.
- Website
  - @avocadoom no updates on the font selection.
  - @avocadoom I talked with @hexa about hosting providers, including fly.io. The only downside is they have no CDN so we would have to use Fastly for distribution. They have deploy previews, proper DNS (A and AAAA), no apex records for root domain.
  - @djacu I spoke with @davidnuon and they recommended fly.io as well.
  - @avocadoom I don't know if they use Nix or are involved in the project in some way but maybe we should try it out first and see if it works for us.
  - @djacu Would be nice if we could get a sponsored deal. Should talk with the Foundation Board if we want to pursue that.
  - @djacu did the bootstrap governance page get merged?
  - @avocadoom I applied the changes and am waiting for a second review from @infinisil.
- Branding
  - @djacu I got caught up in personal stuff but I will reach out to @tgerbet to get on the npmjs account this week.
  - @djacu I have a branch I've been working on to round the floating points to N significant figures and do SVG diffing.
- Socials
  - @flyfloh not much going on. Posted twice for the election. Should post something about the selection results.
  - @djacu We should put something out about the election and get back to the survey later this week.
  - @flyfloh I'll post about the electrion results today or tomorrow and the survey towards the weekend.
- Survey
  - We have 2143 full responses as of today.

## Minutes

- Foundation
- Website
- Branding
- Socials
- Survey

## Tasks

- [ ] team finish review of OSD job listing
- [ ] @avocadoom I'll take a look at fly.io
- [ ] @avocadoom investigate fonts we can use for the headings and body text of the homepage
- [ ] @avocadoom Put the survey banner back up
- [ ] @flyfloh Post about election results and survey this week.
- [ ] @djacu follow up with @tgerbet
- [ ] @djacu follow up with Foundation about online store
- [ ] @djacu if OSD listing is ready I'll post it

## Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
