# Marketing Team meeting 2025-08-25

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @pinpox
  - @ra33it0
- Async
  - @avocadoom
  - @reyows.evets
  - @flyfloh

## Previous Tasks

- [ ] @reyows.evets will reach out to find some decision makers for us to talk with.
- [ ] @reyows.evets will work on the decisionmakers page
- [x] @avocadoom will work on the nix build process for the branding-assets npm package (colors, logos, etc.)
- [x] @avocadoom will work on the decisionmakers page
- [ ] @flyfloh will contact @raboof again
- [x] @djacu will work on deploying the survey

## Agenda

- Foundation
- Website
- Branding
- Socials
- Survey

## Minutes

- Previous Tasks
- Foundation
  - @djacu anything for the marketing team
  - @ra33it0 a statement about [#1746](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/1746) coming soon
- Website
- Branding
  - @djacu there is a new trans pride themed logo [#11](https://github.com/NixOS/branding/pull/11)
  - @djacu discussion around [#12](https://github.com/NixOS/branding/issues/12)
- Socials
  - @ra33it0 we are getting a bunch of support for NixCon. Ampere and FrameWork want to post Do we have any structure about how we want them to refernce us on their socials?
  - @djacu can you create something for our sponsors?
  - @ra33it0 sure
  - @djacu for now just send them the media-kit and we'll figure out how to incorporate it into the repo in the future
- Survey
  - @djacu survey is up for review
  - @pinpox will take a look

## Tasks

- [ ] @reyows.evets will reach out to find some decision makers for us to talk with.
- [ ] @reyows.evets will work on the decisionmakers page
- [ ] @avocadoom and @djacu to collaborate on the final implementation fo the npm package
- [ ] @avocadoom will work on the decisionmakers page
- [ ] team will work on the decisionmakers page
- [ ] @flyfloh will contact @raboof again
- [ ] @djacu will work on wrapping up the survey so we can release it
- [ ] @pinpox will take a look at the survey and see if there is any article then can work on for the website
- [ ] @ra33it0 will put together a media-kit for our NixCon sponsors
- [ ] team and @ra33it0 collaborate on a list of people in media that we can invite to future events and send people to them to interview

## Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
- @djacu look into sumup device and region locking and open an issue on the foundation repo
