# Attendees

- @djacu
- @idabzo
- @ra33it0

# Agenda

- Branding guide and media kit initial thoughts.

# Minutes

- @ra33it0 We need to clarify a few things.
    - Do we want a brand guide (internal) and a media kit (external)?
    - Brand guide is including Mission statement, Positioning USPs (unique selling points), CI (corporate identity), Tone of Voice
        - e.g. USPs for Nix are "reproducible, declarative, reliable"
- @idabzo We are talking about a whole strategy at this point. Not just logo and logotype but everything.
- @ra33it0 let's setup a repo where we can talk async and throw in ideas and move iteratively towards a final goal.
- @ra33it0 Tone of Voice may not be as important as we have a lot of different people and it may be more restrictive, but USPs may be things we want to define.
- @djacu How permissive do we want to be. E.g. the LGBT logo in nixos-artwork has different shading than the official logo. Do we care? Should we care?
- @ra33it0 We can define a more restrictive internal guide and be very permissive for external users.
- @ra33it0 any variations that we want to use should be in the repo.
- @djacu how do we feel about naming the repo "branding".
- All agree.
- @djacu one of the people in the org owners should be able to create it.
https://github.com/NixOS/org/blob/main/doc/github-org-owners.md
- @ra33it0 we should have a place where we chat
- @idabzo let's start with DM group chat on matrix

# Tasks

- [ ] @djacu contact @tomberek to make the "branding" repo.
