# Attendees

- @djacu
- @idabzo
- @ra33it0
- @rossturk

# Agenda

- brand core/identity
- colors
- current status
- timeline
- license and permissiveness

# Minutes

## Brand core/identity

- @rossturk: When we started looking in the space, we created complexity emerging from simplicity. Whenever we have a hard decision to make, we can return to the guide and ask how can this be driven from simplicity and complexity.
- @djacu: can we we create an identity?
- @rossturk: Whenever I see the snowflake logo, I think about how no two packages are the same, just like snow flakes.
- @ra33it0: Within the logo we also have lambdas which leans into the reproducible nature of Nix.
- @rossturk: there is also the symmetry of the logo, the stability of its structure
- @djacu: rotational symmetry!
- @ra33it0: We can lean into the symmetry aspect. Because it is in some way the opposite of chaos. We are trying to create order from chaos.
- @rossturk: As a downstream user, I seek more colors, because I like to make things with this logo. As a user I want to be able to make more vibrant stuff.
- @ra33it0: What we have right now are two blues, and blues in psychology mean trust and reliability.
- @ra33it0: Blue could also resemble water and the purity and adapability of water. And water is also interesting because it have all these different states of matter.
- @rossturk: I like notion of stability and consistency. I look at Nix to create the universe of possibilities.
- @rossturk: most important for me is that nix retains its universe of possibilities as part of the brand
- @idabzo: I am thinking about all these fantastic people that build this community. We said there are no two similar flakes and we can say the same about the community members.
- @ra33it0: There is also this heavy tie in mathematics to eigenvalues, and philosophy.
- @rossturk: lambdas also represent lgbt
- @ra33it0: if we fully don't understand the current context, it might be bad to lean into this aspect.
- @rossturk: yeah and it might be seen as reverse engineering
- @ra33it0: Maybe we find something there as well
- @rossturk: Hexagons are a good example of self organization

## Colors

- @rossturk: How can this discussion about branding core influence color choices?
- @djacu: The thing I was thinking about as we were discussing community members and the infinity possiblities was why not the same for colors. Therefore no restrictions.
- @rossturk: It would really tie into some of the brand elements if the color system represented the physical rules of the "universe" and people could use it somewhat organically
- @ra33it0: Some restrictions would be good.
- @djacu: I think one thing I can do to solve the rainbow color issue is that for variations where we are borrowing from pre-existing colors, create a new colorspace specifically for that logo varation.

# Notes

Hexagons are the bestagons:
https://youtu.be/thOifuHs6eY?si=jqJ_DLP-zaFvuCed
