# Attendees

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @idabzo
  - @avocadoom
  - @albertc
  - @flyfloh
- Async

# Previous Tasks

- [ ] @albertc will continue to work on Astro 5 Collections
- [x] @avocadoom will update the README for the Commercial Support page
- [ ] @flyfloh will work with @avocadoom to iterate on layout of the download page
- [ ] @idabzo working on scheduling socials
- [ ] @avocadoom will work on Partners
- [ ] @idabzo will prep for a blog post for the new board rotation
- [ ] @djacu will work on the branding repository

# Agenda

- Astro 5
- Download page
- Partners page
- Board rotation blog post
- Branding

# Minutes

- Astro 5
  - @albertc: [PR draft up](https://github.com/NixOS/nixos-homepage/pull/1687) that is ~80% done. Hope to have it ready this week.
- Download page
  - @flyfloh: No update this week.
  - @avocadoom: No update this week.
- Partners page
  - @avocadoom: made some progress. Having trouble with logo aspect ratios.
  - @djacu: possible replacement for oakhost https://www.oakhost.net/img/logo.png
  - @djacu: possible update for equinix if they are okay with it. https://www.equinix.com/content/experience-fragments/eqxcorp/en_us/header-standard/master/_jcr_content/root/header/logo.coreimg.png/1619420806795/logo.png
- Building manuals
  - @avocadoom: Channel updates are working again
  - @avocadoom: Don't need to build the Nix manual as it isn't hosted on the nixos.org homepage.
  - @djacu: agree that we can remove building the Nix manual
  - @avocadoom: going to confirm with @fricklerhandwerk that we can remove the Nix manual build without breaking anything.
- Board rotation blog post
  - @idabzo: almost done!
  - @idabzo: and @avocadoom to wrap it up after our meeting.
- Branding
  - @djacu: No progress but got to talk with some SC and Board members about it. Positive feedback.

# Tasks

- [ ] @albertc will wrap up Astro 5 Collections
- [ ] @idabzo talk to partners about logo requirements and alternative logos
- [ ] @avocadoom will talk with @fricklerhandwerk about Nix manuals
- [ ] @avocadoom will continue to work with @flyfloh and @alberc
- [ ] @avocadoom investing tooling for code quality in CI
- [ ] @idabzo will follow up on the Alpscale PR
- [ ] @flyfloh will try to work on their two open PRs but is at a conference this week
- [ ] @djacu branding
- [ ] @djacu follow up with contacts from SCaLE/Planet Nix
- [ ] @djacu I will setup another branding meeting and invite people met at SCaLE

# Backlog

- @djacu will work on the banner post
