# Marketing Team meeting 2026-03-09

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @sigmanificient
- Async
  - @avocadoom

## Previous Tasks

[x] planet nix went great 🎉
[x] @djacu update @avocadoom's role to Web Lead in README and website.
[x] @djacu add @sigmanificient's role as Brand and Design Developer to website.
[x] reached @sigmasquadron about the matrix icon to clarify the situation will add to the backlog queue (not priority) so the work can be continued
[x] @sigmanificient joined the nixcon design force :D

## Minutes

- Website
  - @avocadoom I started working on unifying the hompages components starting on typography.
    When thats done, I'll probably merge into main to prevent too much of a derivation between the two branches.
    This will probably also the step where I'll include the heading font update, deprecating my old font branch.
- Branding
  - @djacu no major updates; was at SCaLE
- Design
  - @sigmanificient no major updates; busy with upcoming jury for studies
- Socials
  - no updates
- Survey
  - no updates
- Foundation
  - no updates
- SCaLE
  - @djacu I met Erik Aker, one of the hosts from the Picture Me Coding podcast.
    They would be interested in having someone from the NixOS project on their show.
    I will need to reach out to them to figure out what kind of episode they want to do and try and connect them with the right people.
  - I met Florine Kamdem, the Marketing Coordinator for the FreeBSD project.
    She and I talked for a bit and she shared some wonderful ideas.
    - One thing they have being doing recently is making technical videos and posting them to YouTube.
      The most popular video has received over 50,000 views! This would certainly be a neat thing to do but it would require finding someone with the time and passion to own the entire thing.
    - She also suggested having people submit their own videos and posting them to our YouTube channel.
      I am curious how that would play out.
    - She suggested that we use our social media accounts to post about different teams that need help.
      I think this would be a great way to advertise where and how the project needs volunteers.
      We could post it on discourse as well.
      I think we could pilot it with our needs and then reach out to other teams and ask if they have needs.

## Tasks

- [ ] @djacu contact Erik Aker
- [ ] @djacu add issues for @sigmanificient design work.
- [ ] @djacu look into making a tiled array of logomarks.
- [ ] @avocadoom finishes font PR
- [ ] @avocadoom clean up homepage project

## Backlog
