# Marketing Team meeting 2026-01-27

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @avocadoom
  - @ra33it0
- Async

## Minutes

- 2026 Funding
- Additional Funding

## Tasks

- [ ] @djacu what does the Foundation need as far as evidence or metrics in exchange for funding?
- [ ] @djacu what do think is a reasonable funding amount to support @avocadoom and @sigmagnificient?
- [ ] @ra33it0 @avocadoom's funding is already secured for 2026 but need to verify with the other board memebers.
- [ ] @djauc what is the number?
- [ ] @avocadoom 500 Euros a month.
- [ ] @djacu could we get a similar number secured for @sigmanificient?
- [ ] @ra33it0 I am not sure. I need to check with @lasallus. I can tell you more on Friday.
- [ ] @ra33it0 if you could send me a short collection of things that @sigmanificient has done and why they should be paid.
- [ ] @djacu They creatd the last two release logos. They created several new banner designs that we are using for FOSDEM.
- [ ] @ra33it0 it would be good if you could write down what they are doing. We want to write down a description of what they would be doing on a regular basis.
- [ ] @djacu Ongoing I think they could help out with graphical elements of the website. I could use help with design work for branding. I should sit down with them and ask what they would like to work on for the next year.
- [ ] @avocadoom Release logos. Social media graphics. Conference support.
- [ ] @ra33it0 ask them where they see themselves what they see themselves doing and problems they think need to be solved. And how much time they thought of contributing. We need to make sure everyone is alright and people are burning out.

## Backlog
