# Marketing Team meeting 2026-02-23

## Attendance

- Sync
  - @djacu
  - @avocadoom
  - @sigmanificient
- Async
  - @flyfloh

## Previous Tasks

- [ ] starting fresh :)

## Minutes

- Website
  - @avocadoom new project tracker for the home page [link](https://github.com/orgs/NixOS/projects/109/views/1)
  - @sigmanificient will work on the "why nix?" page.
  - @avocadoom I worked on accessibility over the last few days.
  - @avocadoom will work on cleaning up code and components.
  - @avocadoom want to make SVG images into components so they can be updated and swapped easily.
- Branding
  - @djacu was sick; did nothing
- Design
  - @sigmanificient working on concepts for wallpapers.
  - @sigmanificient working on concepts for NixCon 2026.
  - @sigmanificient working on concepts for 26.05 release.
- Socials
  - @flyfloh I‘ll take care of the meetup shout outs this week.
- Survey
  - @flyfloh Also wanted to take another look at the survey results.
  - @djacu most of the generic plots are done. Need to work on the more complicated graphs.
  - @sigmanificient would be good to serve this up as a website similar to stack overflow.
- Foundation

## Tasks

- [x] starting fresh :)
- [ ] @djacu add issues for @sigmanificient design work.
- [ ] @djacu look into making a tiled array of logomarks.
- [ ] @djacu update @avocadoom's role to Web Lead in README and website.
- [ ] @djacu add @sigmanificient's role as Brand and Design Developer to website.
- [ ] @sigmanificient contact @SigmaSquadron about matrix logos
- [ ] @avocadoom finishes font PR
- [ ] @avocadoom clean up homepage project

## Backlog
